Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#19543)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/index.mdx

pcx_content_type: overview
sidebar:
  order: 1

> description: Explore Cloudflare R2 Storage: cost-effective, scalable object storage for cloud-native apps, web content, and data lakes without egress fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Cloudflare R2 is a cost-effective, scalable object storage solution for cloud-native apps, web content, and data lakes without egress fees.
```
Sounded just a bit like a marketing website, so I updated the tone a bit to make it more descriptive.
